[docs] [xcluster] Add min version for semi-automatic mode (#23776)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/deploy/multi-dc/async-replication/async-transactional-setup-dblevel.md

  </li>
</ul>

{{< note title="Note" >}}

> Both primary and standby universes must be on version `2024.1.2` or higher in order to use semi-automatic xCluster mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use semi-automatic transactional xCluster replication, both the primary and standby universes must be running v2024.1.2 or later.
```
